---
page_title: "cloudngfwaws: cloudngfwaws_ngfw Data Source"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving NGFW information.
---

# cloudngfwaws_ngfw

Data source for retrieving NGFW information.


## Admin Permission Type

* `Firewall`


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudngfwaws_ngfw" "example" {
  name = "example-instance"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The NGFW name.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The account ID. This field is mandatory if using multiple accounts.

### Read-Only

- `app_id_version` (String) App-ID version number.
- `automatic_upgrade_app_id_version` (Boolean) Automatic App-ID upgrade version number.
- `description` (String) The description.
- `endpoint_mode` (String) Set endpoint mode from the following options. Valid values are `ServiceManaged` or `CustomerManaged`.
- `endpoint_service_name` (String) The endpoint service name.
- `firewall_id` (String) The Id of the NGFW.
- `global_rulestack` (String) The global rulestack for this NGFW.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `link_id` (String) The link ID.
- `link_status` (String) The link status.
- `multi_vpc` (Boolean) Share NGFW with Multiple VPCs. This feature can be enabled only if the endpoint_mode is CustomerManaged.
- `rulestack` (String) The rulestack for this NGFW.
- `status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `subnet_mapping` (List of Object) Subnet mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnet_mapping))
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags.
- `update_token` (String) The update token.
- `vpc_id` (String) The vpc id.

<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `attachment` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--attachment))
- `failure_reason` (String)
- `firewall_status` (String)
- `rulestack_status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--attachment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.attachment`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_id` (String)
- `rejected_reason` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--subnet_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnet_mapping`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
