---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsngfw_security_rule Data Source - awsngfw"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for retrieving security rule information.
---

# awsngfw_security_rule (Data Source)

Data source for retrieving security rule information.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awsngfw_security_rule" "example" {
  rulestack = awsngfw_rulestack.r.name
  name      = "foobar"
}

resource "awsngfw_rulestack" "r" {
  name        = "my-rulestack"
  scope       = "Local"
  account_id  = "12345"
  description = "Made by Terraform"
  profile_config {
    anti_spyware = "BestPractice"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **priority** (Number) The rule priority.
- **rulestack** (String) The rulestack.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **rule_list** (String) The rulebase. Valid values are `PreRule`, `PostRule`, or `LocalRule`. Defaults to `PreRule`.

### Read-Only

- **action** (String) The action to take. Valid values are `Allow`, `DenySilent`, `DenyResetServer`, or `DenyResetBoth`.
- **applications** (Set of String) The list of applications.
- **audit_comment** (String) The audit comment.
- **category** (List of Object) The category spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--category))
- **config_type** (String) Retrieve either the candidate or running config. Valid values are `candidate`, or `running`.
- **decryption_rule_type** (String) Decryption rule type. Valid values are ``, or `SSLOutboundInspection`.
- **description** (String) The description.
- **destination** (List of Object) The destination spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- **enabled** (Boolean) Set to false to disable this rule.
- **logging** (Boolean) Enable logging at end.
- **name** (String) The name.
- **negate_destination** (Boolean) Negate the destination definition.
- **negate_source** (Boolean) Negate the source definition.
- **protocol** (String) The protocol.
- **source** (List of Object) The source spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- **tag** (List of Object) Tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag))
- **update_token** (String) The update token.

<a id="nestedatt--category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `category`

Read-Only:

- **feeds** (Set of String)
- **url_category_names** (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Read-Only:

- **cidrs** (Set of String)
- **countries** (Set of String)
- **feeds** (Set of String)
- **fqdn_lists** (Set of String)
- **prefix_lists** (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Read-Only:

- **cidrs** (Set of String)
- **countries** (Set of String)
- **feeds** (Set of String)
- **prefix_lists** (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Read-Only:

- **key** (String)
- **value** (String)


