---
page_title: "cloudngfwaws: account_onboarding Module"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Module for account onboarding.
---

# account_onboarding

Module for account onboarding. 

account_onboarding module allows automated onboarding of AWS accounts to cloud NGFW service.
This module allows onboarding up to 100 AWS accounts at a time. The waits for all the accounts to
be onboarded succesfully. If more than 100 accounts need to be onboarded, define multiple modules
with each module containing 100 accounts in your terraform deployment.
Note that this requires at least one account to be already onboarded to cloud NGFW service.


## Admin Permission Type

* `Account Admin`

## Example Usage

```terraform
module "account_onboarding" {
  source        = "github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-provider-cloudngfwaws/modules/account_onboarding"
  account_ids   = ["123456789"]
  cft_role_name = "panw_cft_role"
}
```

Full code for the above example can be found [here](https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-provider-cloudngfwaws/tree/main/examples/modules/account_onboarding).

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_ids` List of account IDs to be onboarded.
- `cft_role_name` Name of the role to run the account onboarding CFT defined [here](https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-provider-cloudngfwaws/tree/main/examples/modules/account_onboarding/onboarding_template.yaml).

### Optional

- `endpoint_mode` Controls whether cloud NGFW will create firewall endpoints automatitically in customer subnets.
- `decryption_cert` The CloudNGFW can decrypt inbound and outbound traffic by providing a certificate stored in secret Manager.  The role allows the service to access a certificate configured in the rulestack.  Only certificated tagged with PaloAltoCloudNGFW can be accessed.
- `cloudwatch_namespace` Namespace for cloudwatch logs.
- `cloudwatch_log_group` Audit Log Group Name.
- `auditlog_group` (Set of Block List) Set of certificates.
- `kinesis_firehose` Kinesis Firehose for logging.
- `s3_bucket` S3 Bucket Name for Logging
