---
page_title: "cloudngfwaws: ezrulestack Module"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
Module for rulestack manipulation.
---

# ezrulestack

Module for rulestack manipulation. 

ezrulestack module lets user specify the resources and handles the dependencies between security objects, rules, 
rulestack and commit resources implicitly.

By default, ezrulestack module commit variable is set to `true`. It can be overridden if user
intends to keep the changes uncommitted.

Commit happens in two stages. First time `terraform apply` is run, terraform detects the changes in rulestack plan file
and provisions the changes to CloudNGFW. Second time the `terraform apply` is run, it detects the uncommitted changes
in CloudNGFW and initiates commit, provided the commit variable is set to `true` as mentioned above.


## Admin Permission Type

* `Rulestack` (for `scope="Local"`)
* `Global Rulestack` (for `scope="Global"`)


## Example Usage

```terraform
module "example-rulestack" {
  source                = "./modules/ezrulestack"
  rulestack             = var.my_rulestack
  security_rules        = var.my_security_rules
  feeds                 = var.my_feeds
  prefix_lists          = var.my_prefix_lists
  fqdn_lists            = var.my_fqdn_lists
  custom_url_categories = var.my_custom_url_categories
  predefined_url_category_overrides = var.my_predefined_url_category_overrides
  certificates          = var.my_certificates
  commit                = var.commit
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source` (String) The module path.
- `rulestack` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) 

### Optional

- `security_rules` (Set of Block List) Set of Security Rules.
- `feeds` (Set of Block List) Set of intelligent feeds.
- `prefix_lists` (Set of Block List) Set of prefix lists.
- `fqdn_lists` (Set of Block List) Set of fqdn lists.
- `custom_url_categories` (Set of Block List) Set of custom url categories.
- `predefined_url_category_overrides` (Set of Block List) Set of predefined url category overrides.
- `certificates` (Set of Block List) Set of certificates.
- `commit` (Boolean) default is `true`.
