---
page_title: "cloudngfwaws: cloudngfwaws_account_onboarding_stack Resource"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for Account Onboarding.
---

# cloudngfwaws_account_onboarding_stack

Resource for Account Onboarding.


## Admin Permission Type

* `Rulestack` (for `scope="Local"`)
* `Global Rulestack` (for `scope="Global"`)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The account IDs
- `cft_role_name` (String) Role name to run the account onboarding CFT in each account to be onboarded.
- `external_id` (String) External Id of the onboarded account
- `onboarding_cft` (String) Role name to run the account onboarding CFT in each account to be onboarded.
- `sns_topic_arn` (String) SNS topic ARN to publish the role ARNs
- `trusted_account` (String) PANW Cloud NGFW trusted account Id

### Optional

- `auditlog_group` (String) Audit Log Group Name
- `cloudwatch_log_group` (String) Cloudwatch Log Group
- `cloudwatch_namespace` (String) Cloudwatch Namespace
- `decryption_cert` (String) The CloudNGFW can decrypt inbound and outbound traffic by providing a
						  certificate stored in secret Manager.
			 			  The role allows the service to access a certificate configured in the rulestack.
			 			  Only certificated tagged with PaloAltoCloudNGFW can be accessed
- `endpoint_mode` (String) Controls whether cloud NGFW will create firewall endpoints automatitically in customer subnets
- `kinesis_firehose` (String) Kinesis Firehose for logging
- `s3_bucket` (String) S3 Bucket Name for Logging. Logging roles provide access to create log contents in this bucket.
- `stack_id` (String) ID of the account onboarding CFT stack
- `stack_status` (String) Status of the account onboarding CFT stack.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
