---
page_title: "terraform-provider-cloudngfwaws: cloudngfwaws_commit_rulestack Resource"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for committing the rulestack config.
---

# cloudngfwaws_commit_rulestack

Resource for committing the rulestack config.

!> **NOTE:** This resource should be placed in a separate plan as the plan that configures the rulestack and its contents.  If you do not, you will have perpetual configuration drift and will need to run your plan twice so the commit is performed.  Placing instances of this resource with instances of NGFW resources (such as `cloudngfwaws_ngfw`) is fine.


## Admin Permission Type

* `Rulestack` (for `scope="Local"`)
* `Global Rulestack` (for `scope="Global"`)


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudngfwaws_commit_rulestack" "example" {
  rulestack = "my-rulestack"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rulestack` (String) The rulestack.

### Optional

- `scope` (String) The rulestack's scope. A local rulestack will require that you've retrieved a LRA JWT. A global rulestack will require that you've retrieved a GRA JWT. Valid values are `Local` or `Global`. Defaults to `Local`.
- `state` (String) The rulestack state. This can only be the default value. Defaults to `Running`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `commit_errors` (List of String) Commit error messages.
- `commit_status` (String) The commit status.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `validation_errors` (List of String) Validation error messages.
- `validation_status` (String) The validation status.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
