---
page_title: "terraform-provider-cloudngfwaws: cloudngfwaws_ngfw Resource"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for NGFW manipulation.
---

# cloudngfwaws_ngfw

Resource for NGFW manipulation.

-> **NOTE:** Having the `rulestack` param reference the rulestack name from `cloudngfwaws_commit_rulestack` ensures that Terraform will only try to spin up a NGFW instance if the commit is successful.


## Admin Permission Type

* `Firewall`


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudngfwaws_ngfw" "example" {
  name        = "example-instance"
  description = "Example description"

  endpoints {
    subnet_id = aws_subnet.subnet1.id
    mode = "ServiceManaged"
    vpc_id =  aws_vpc.example.id
    account_id = "12345678"
  }

  rulestack = cloudngfwaws_commit_rulestack.rs.rulestack

  tags = {
    Foo = "bar"
  }
}

resource "cloudngfwaws_commit_rulestack" "rs" {
  rulestack = "my-rulestack"
}

resource "aws_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block = "172.16.0.0/16"

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-example"
  }
}

resource "aws_subnet" "subnet1" {
  vpc_id            = aws_vpc.my_vpc.id
  cidr_block        = "172.16.10.0/24"
  availability_zone = "us-west-2a"

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-example"
  }
}

resource "aws_subnet" "subnet2" {
  vpc_id            = aws_vpc.my_vpc.id
  cidr_block        = "172.16.20.0/24"
  availability_zone = "us-west-2b"

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-example"
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `az_list` (Set of String) The list of availability zones for this NGFW.
- `name` (String) The NGFW name.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The description.
- `allowlist_accounts` (Set of String) The list of allowed accounts for this NGFW.
- `app_id_version` (String) App-ID version number.
- `automatic_upgrade_app_id_version` (Boolean) Automatic App-ID upgrade version number. Defaults to `true`.
- `change_protection` (Set of String) Enables or disables change protection for the NGFW.
- `description` (String) The NGFW description.
- `egress_nat` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--egress_nat))
- `endpoint_mode` (String) Set endpoint mode from the following options. Valid values are `ServiceManaged` or `CustomerManaged`.
- `endpoints` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--endpoints))
- `global_rulestack` (String) The global rulestack for this NGFW.
- `link_id` (String) The link ID.
- `multi_vpc` (Boolean) Share NGFW with Multiple VPCs. This feature can be enabled only if the endpoint_mode is CustomerManaged.
- `private_access` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--private_access))
- `rulestack` (String) The rulestack for this NGFW.
- `subnet_mapping` (Block List) Subnet mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subnet_mapping))
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user_id` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_id))
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID for the NGFW.

### Read-Only

- `deployment_update_token` (String) The update token.
- `endpoint_service_name` (String) The endpoint service name.
- `firewall_id` (String) The Firewall ID.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `link_status` (String) The link status.
- `status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `update_token` (String) The update token.

<a id="nestedblock--egress_nat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_nat`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable egress NAT

Optional:

- `settings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--egress_nat--settings))

<a id="nestedblock--egress_nat--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_nat.settings`

Optional:

- `ip_pool_type` (String) Set ip pool type from the following options. Valid values are `AWSService` or `BYOIP`.
- `ipam_pool_id` (String) The IP pool ID



<a id="nestedblock--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The endpoint mode. Valid values are `ServiceManaged` or `CustomerManaged`.

Optional:

- `account_id` (String) The account id.
- `egress_nat_enabled` (Boolean) Enable egress NAT
- `prefixes` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--endpoints--prefixes))
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet id.
- `vpc_id` (String) The vpc id.
- `zone_id` (String) The AZ id.

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_id` (String) Endpoint ID of the security zone
- `rejected_reason` (String) The rejected reason.
- `status` (String) The attachment status.

<a id="nestedblock--endpoints--prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.prefixes`

Optional:

- `private_prefix` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--endpoints--prefixes--private_prefix))

<a id="nestedblock--endpoints--prefixes--private_prefix"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.prefixes.private_prefix`

Optional:

- `cidrs` (Set of String)




<a id="nestedblock--private_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_access`

Required:

- `resource_id` (String) AWS ResourceID
- `type` (String) Type of Private Access


<a id="nestedblock--subnet_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnet_mapping`

Optional:

- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zone, for when the endpoint mode is customer managed.
- `availability_zone_id` (String) The availability zone ID, for when the endpoint mode is customer managed.
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet id, for when the endpoint mode is service managed.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--user_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_id`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable UserID Config
- `port` (Number) The Port

Optional:

- `agent_name` (String) Agent Name for UserID
- `collector_name` (String) The Collector Name
- `custom_include_exclude_network` (Block List) List of Custom Include Exclude Networks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_id--custom_include_exclude_network))
- `secret_key_arn` (String) AWS Secret Key ARN

Read-Only:

- `user_id_status` (String) Status and State of UserID Configuration

<a id="nestedblock--user_id--custom_include_exclude_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_id.custom_include_exclude_network`

Required:

- `discovery_include` (Boolean) Include or exclude this subnet from user-id configuration
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable this specific custom include/exclude network
- `name` (String) Name of subnet filter
- `network_address` (String) Network IP address of the subnet filter



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `device_rulestack_commit_status` (String)
- `failure_reason` (String)
- `firewall_status` (String)
- `rulestack_status` (String)


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import name is <account_id>:<name>
terraform import cloudngfwaws_ngfw.example 12345678:example-instance
```
