---
page_title: "terraform-provider-cloudngfwaws: cloudngfwaws_security_rule Resource"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for security rule manipulation.
---

# cloudngfwaws_security_rule

Resource for security rule manipulation.


## Admin Permission Type

* `Rulestack` (for `scope="Local"`)
* `Global Rulestack` (for `scope="Global"`)


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudngfwaws_security_rule" "example" {
  rulestack   = cloudngfwaws_rulestack.r.name
  rule_list   = "LocalRule"
  priority    = 3
  name        = "tf-security-rule"
  description = "Also configured by Terraform"
  source {
    cidrs = ["any"]
  }
  destination {
    cidrs = ["192.168.0.0/16"]
  }
  negate_destination = true
  applications       = ["any"]
  category {}
  action        = "Allow"
  logging       = true
  audit_comment = "initial config"
}

resource "cloudngfwaws_rulestack" "r" {
  name        = "terraform-rulestack"
  scope       = "Local"
  account_id  = "123456789"
  description = "Made by Terraform"
  profile_config {
    anti_spyware = "BestPractice"
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) The action to take. Valid values are `Allow`, `DenySilent`, `DenyResetServer`, or `DenyResetBoth`.
- `applications` (Set of String) The list of applications.
- `category` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The category spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--category))
- `destination` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The destination spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--destination))
- `name` (String) The name.
- `priority` (Number) The rule priority.
- `rulestack` (String) The rulestack.
- `source` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The source spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--source))

### Optional

- `audit_comment` (String) The audit comment.
- `decryption_rule_type` (String) Decryption rule type. Valid values are `` or `SSLOutboundInspection`.
- `description` (String) The description.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to false to disable this rule. Defaults to `true`.
- `logging` (Boolean) Enable logging at end. Defaults to `true`.
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) Negate the destination definition.
- `negate_source` (Boolean) Negate the source definition.
- `prot_port_list` (Set of String) Protocol port list.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol.
- `rule_list` (String) The rulebase. Valid values are `PreRule`, `PostRule`, or `LocalRule`. Defaults to `PreRule`.
- `scope` (String) The rulestack's scope. A local rulestack will require that you've retrieved a LRA JWT. A global rulestack will require that you've retrieved a GRA JWT. Valid values are `Local` or `Global`. Defaults to `Local`.
- `tags` (Map of String) The tags.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_token` (String) The update token.

<a id="nestedblock--category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `category`

Optional:

- `feeds` (Set of String) List of feeds.
- `url_category_names` (Set of String) List of URL category names.


<a id="nestedblock--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Optional:

- `cidrs` (Set of String) List of CIDRs.
- `countries` (Set of String) List of countries.
- `feeds` (Set of String) List of feeds.
- `fqdn_lists` (Set of String) List of FQDN lists.
- `prefix_lists` (Set of String) List of prefix list.


<a id="nestedblock--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Optional:

- `cidrs` (Set of String) List of CIDRs.
- `countries` (Set of String) List of countries.
- `feeds` (Set of String) List of feeds.
- `prefix_lists` (Set of String) List of prefix list.


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import name is <scope>:<rulestack>:<rule_list>:<priority>
terraform import cloudngfwaws_security_rule.example Local:terraform-rulestack:LocalRule:3
```
